Bug fixes from review (#3)
node-red/node-red-dev-cli: docs/P05.md

# Node-RED Keyword

## Requirements
The package.json must contain the keyword `node-red` eg

```
    "keywords": [ "node-red" ],
```

## Reason

> This identifies the package as Node-RED modules rather than a more generic node package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This identifies the package as Node-RED modules rather than a more generic node package.

Without this keyword set, it will not be listed on the Flow Library.
```

# Node-RED Keyword

## Requirements
The package.json must contain the keyword `node-red` eg

```
    "keywords": [ "node-red" ],
```

## Reason

> This identifies the package as Node-RED modules rather than a more generic node package.
> 
> Without this keyword set, it will not be listed on the Flow Library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This identifies the package as a Node-RED module rather than a more generic node package.

Without this keyword set, it will not be listed on the Flow Library, but it will still be npm installable.

If the module is not yet ready for wider use by the Node-RED community, you should not include the keyword.
```
